Ver. 2.4.0 (Released July 11, 2023)
Support for DLC
Now supports paid DLC: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe – Booster Course Pass, Wave 5 (two cups, eight courses, and three characters).
General
Improved the performance of some characters and vehicle customizations.
Adjusted the invincibility time of some characters.
Adjusted random item selection method in races where Custom Items is set, for when there are four players or less.
Expanded range for when a warning displays when a Red Shell or Spiny Shell approaches from behind.
Made it so that warnings about a Red Shell or Spiny Shell will be displayed with priority over other warnings.
Made it so that a warning is not displayed when a Red Shell is targeting opponents.
Made it so that L/R button operation on the class selection screen and course selection screen in the Grand Prix can be conducted on touchscreen as well.
Lowered the appearance rate of Mirror and 200cc races in Worldwide and Regional settings.
Fixed Issues
Fixed an issue where a communication error occurs when a character catches a boomerang at the same time that a Boo brings an item.
Fixed an issue where, when equipping an item and catching a boomerang at the same time, the player could not throw that item.
Fixed an issue where the graph for the Mii Heavy weight class’s parameters didn’t match the actual abilities.
Fixed an issue where a warning would not appear when an opponent used a Bullet Bill in online matches.
Made it so the kart doesn’t spin or crash when running into an obstruction if the player uses a Super Star, Bullet Bill or Boo at that same time.
Fixed an issue where the kart would get stuck between a cliff and small mushroom and be unable to move in Wii Mushroom Gorge.
Fixed an issue where the player would go off the course when transformed as Bullet Bill right in front of the goal in GBA Riverside Park.
Ver. 2.3.0 (Released March 8, 2023)
Support for DLC
Now supports paid DLC: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe – Booster Course Pass, Wave 4 (two cups, eight courses, and one character, Birdo).
General
Improved the performance of some characters and vehicle customizations.
Made it so that the player can see the rear view mirror when spinning, crashing, or changed into Bullet Bill.
Made it so, if the player uses a Super Star or Boo at the same time that they are hit by Lightning, their kart will not crash or become small.
Made it so, when jumping from a Whomp in Tour Berlin Byways, karts can leap over the fence.
Added Golden Mushroom to Custom Items in Renegade Roundup.
Added “Booster Course Pass” button to main menu. If a player does not have the Booster Course Pass, a link to the Nintendo eShop will be displayed.
Fixed Issues
Fixed an issue where, when the player’s kart became small after being hit by lightning, it would slip into the ground.
Fixed an issue where, when the player’s kart ran into a wall, they would be carried over by Lakitu even though they had not left the course.
Fixed an issue where the player character would not be able to hit an opponent with a red shell when that opponent was jumping on a half-pipe.
Fixed an issue where the player character could not drift after jumping and landing in a half pipe.
Fixed an issue so that the player can use another item other than Boo right after using Boo.
Fixed an issue where the player could not throw a Boomerang after catching it and it entered the second item slot.
Fixed an issue where, when a player character hit the Blooper in an opponent’s Crazy 8, they would have ink squirted on them even though they are using the Super Star.
Fixed an issue where, when the player stops looking at the rear view mirror, the ink would disappear momentarily even though they had Blooper ink on them.
Fixed an issue where, when player is hit with a red shell at the same time as changing into Bullet Bill, they would go off the course.
Fixed an issue where, at the escalator in Wii Coconut Mall, there would be a communication error when a character could not move forward.
Fixed an issue when changed into Bullet Bill in N64 Kalimari Desert, where the character would slip into the ground.
Fixed an issue where the character would get stuck on the bridge posts right before and after the starting line in Tour London Loop.
Fixed an issue where, on wavy floors in 3DS Rainbow Road, the character could be pushed way off the course.
Ver. 2.2.1 (Released December 21, 2022)
Fixed Issues
Fixed issue where, when playing online in Berlin Byways, the image would get choppy.
Fixed issue where, when playing in London Loop, player is carried in by Lakitu after falling off of course and they were not returned to the appropriate location.
Ver. 2.2.0 (Released December 7, 2022)
Support for DLC
Now supports paid DLC: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe – Booster Course Pass, Wave 3 (two cups and eight courses).
General
Added “Custom Items” to item Rules.
This is a feature that lets you decide which items appear.
This is supported in VS Race, Balloon Battle, Coin Runners, Shine Thief, Renegade Roundup, Playing with friends, Tournaments, and Wireless Play.
Items that have not been set to appear may still appear according to the connection environment and game situation.
When getting struck by lightning while gliding through the air, the glider no longer closes.
The period of invincibility after spinning or crashing now changes, depending on the driver or machine parts.
When a user cannot download any new ghost data, they can now delete all the ghost data they downloaded until then.
Deleted “Recommended” in Tournaments.
Fixed Issues
Fixed an issue where coins would not be added when touching an opponents’ Crazy Eight coin.
Fixed an issue where there was a communication error when using the item Boo.
Fixed an issue where using the Super Horn would not hit more than one opponent at the same time.
Fixed an issue where images in SNES Mario Circuit 3 would look distorted.
Fixed an issue where a player could not acquire multiple items in a row in GBA Snow Land.
Fixed an issue where points would not be added to a member list, when spectating an online match.
Fixed an issue where, when selecting a team, the COM characters that actually play in the game were not the same as shown on selection screen.
Fixed an issue where the warning sound was not playing when a Red Shell or Spiny Shell comes from behind.
Other adjustments and corrections were made to improve the gameplay experience.
Ver. 2.1.0 (Released August 4, 2022)
Support for DLC
Now supports paid DLC: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe – Booster Course Pass, Wave 2 (two cups and eight courses).
General
Increased the number of ghosts you can download from 16 to 32.
Adjusted the extent to which a vehicle is thrown, depending on its weight.
Further shortened the time it takes for item boxes to regenerate after another player takes them.
Shortened the time it takes for one player to be able to pick up a coin that another player has dropped.
Made it so that it is easier to face the way forward in mid-air when using Smart Steering.
The cars that the Shy Guys are riding in in Wii Coconut Mall now move from time to time in all modes other than the Time Trial mode.
Fixed Issues
Fixed issue where player could not choose a DLC course even though a player in the lobby in “Friends” has the Booster Course Pass.
Fixed issue where player did not receive coins even though they used the Feather in Coin Runners to steal a rival’s coins.
Fixed issue where player could receive two items from one item box in N64 Toad's Turnpike.
Ver. 2.0.0 (Released March 17, 2022)
Support for DLC
Now supports paid DLC: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe – Booster Course Pass, Wave 1 (two cups and eight courses)
If someone in the lobby has the “Booster Course Pass,” all players can select one of the pass courses.
This supports “Friends,” “Wireless Play,” and “LAN Play.”
Starting March 21st, you can select course from the Booster Course Pass in online play.
Supports “Worldwide,” “Regional,” and “Tournaments.”
Even if the player does not own the “Booster Course Pass,” they can play courses from the pass randomly.
General
Shortened the time it takes for an Item Box to regenerate when it gets taken by someone else.
Fixed Issues
Fixed an issue where a communication error occurs when 12 people matched during online play.
You need to download the latest update data in order to play online.
If you download the latest update data, you will not be able to do “Wireless Play” or LAN Play” with other players who are using data from a previous update.
The update data contains fixes to issues that improve gameplay experience, and other content that is not listed here.
In order to download the update data, you need enough space on your system memory or microSD Card.
Ver. 1.7.2 (Released May 25, 2021)
Addressed an issue that caused tournament points to be reset.
Addressed an issue that caused match history with friends to be reset.
Ver. 1.7.1 (Released January 23, 2019)
Fixed an issue that caused the game to become unresponsive to any input except for the HOME Button.
You will need to download this update to play with others online.
After you download the latest update data, you will no longer be able to play over local wireless or LAN with others until they download the update as well.
Ver. 1.7.0 (Released September 19, 2018)
Now compatible with Toy-Con Car in Nintendo Labo Toy-Con 03: Vehicle Kit
You can select which Toy-Con to use from “Toy-Con” settings in the main menu.
Now compatible with the Nintendo Switch Online smartphone app.
If the application is running on your device when you enter an online match, you will automatically receive a prompt on your smartphone asking if you would like to join a voice chat with your opponent.
Worldwide, Regional, Friends, and Tournaments allow you to use this function.